Update pricing and simplify navigation (#1455)
18F/cg-site: content/docs/compliance/for-assessors.md

All logs are encrypted while in transit and at rest for [logs.fr.cloud.gov](https://logs.fr.cloud.gov) and [Amazon CloudWatch Logs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/logs/WhatIsCloudWatchLogs.html).

> For details, see SC-28 in the cloud.gov SSP in our [P-ATO documentation package](https://cloud.gov/docs/security/fedramp-tracker/#how-you-can-use-this-p-ato).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see SC-28 in the cloud.gov System Security Plan in our [P-ATO documentation package](https://cloud.gov/docs/security/fedramp-tracker/#how-you-can-use-this-p-ato).
```
